Improving docs about test script creation (#560)
aelsabbahy/goss: docs/manual.md

    * [render, r \- Render gossfile after importing all referenced gossfiles](#render-r---render-gossfile-after-importing-all-referenced-gossfiles)
    * [serve, s \- Serve a health endpoint](#serve-s---serve-a-health-endpoint)
    * [validate, v \- Validate the system](#validate-v---validate-the-system)

> * [Goss test script creation](#goss-test-script-creation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Goss test creation](#goss-test-creation)
```

2
```

## Goss test creation
Goss tests can be created by using either of following methods.
1. goss autoadd <resource to test>
2. goss add <resource to test> 
3. manually create YAML/JSON test file by hand.

> To customize the parameters generated by `goss add` and `goss autoadd` YAML scripts you need to manually edit it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the parameters generated by `goss add` and `goss autoadd` YAML file you need to manually edit it.
```

> To customize the parameters generated by `goss add` and `goss autoadd` YAML scripts we need to manually edit it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Goss test creation
Goss tests can be created by using either of following methods.
1. goss autoadd <resource to test>
2. goss add <resource to test> 
3. manually create YAML/JSON test file by hand.

To customize the parameters generated by `goss add` and `goss autoadd` YAML scripts you need to manually edit it.
```

`goss add package nginx` will generate below YAML
```
package:
  nginx:
    installed: true
    versions:
    - 1.17.8
```

> to test uninstall scenario we need to manually edit it and set it as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test uninstall scenario you would need to manually edit it and set it as below.
```
